CDS 82495, Docs to show added support for S3 and Local File Store for SAM and Serverless (#5217)
harness/developer-hub: docs/first-gen/first-gen-quickstarts/aws-lambda-deployments.md

helpdocs_is_published: true
---

> This content is for Harness [FirstGen](../../get-started/harness-first-gen-vs-harness-next-gen.md). Switch to [NextGen](../../continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/serverless/serverless-lambda-cd-quickstart.mdws you how to deploy a Node.js function to your AWS Lambda service using a Basic Deployment strategy in Harness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This content is for Harness [FirstGen](../../get-started/harness-first-gen-vs-harness-next-gen.md). Switch to [NextGen](../../continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/serverless/serverless-lambda-cd-quickstart.md).

This topic shows you how to deploy a Node.js function to your AWS Lambda service using a Basic Deployment strategy in Harness.
```
